Server listening on port undefined
i am being called
chad.clark@whiting-turner.com
Session deleted
Firefox is killing me
log_out sent
connected to database
checking if user is logged in
session=j
Session set = j
ADMIN Value=0
checking if user is logged in
session=j
Session set = j
ADMIN Value=0
checking if user is logged in
session=j
Session set = j
ADMIN Value=0
checking if user is logged in
session=j
Session set = j
ADMIN Value=0
checking if user is logged in
session=j
Session set = j
ADMIN Value=0
checking if user is logged in
session=j
Session set = j
ADMIN Value=0
checking if user is logged in
session=j
Session set = j
ADMIN Value=0
checking if user is logged in
session=j
Session set = j
ADMIN Value=0
checking if user is logged in
session=undefined
no session set
checking if user is logged in
session=tyler.davis@gmail.com
Session set = tyler.davis@gmail.com
ADMIN Value=0
checking if user is logged in
session=tyler.davis@gmail.com
Session set = tyler.davis@gmail.com
ADMIN Value=0
checking if user is logged in
session=tyler.davis@gmail.com
Session set = tyler.davis@gmail.com
ADMIN Value=0
checking if user is logged in
session=tyler.davis@gmail.com
Session set = tyler.davis@gmail.com
ADMIN Value=0
checking if user is logged in
session=j
Session set = j
ADMIN Value=0
